Why   am I an idiot? Surprisingly, people are really interested in this question. Only their interest is hardly explained by the desire to get a doctor's advice.

After all, healthy people (from the point of view of a neurologist and psychologist) consider themselves idiots. Why?

A little terminology and observations
An idiot is a patient with idiocy, or idiocy. The deepest degree of mental retardation (oligophrenia). Clinical features:

a) almost complete absence of thinking and speech (there is no meaningful activity, speech does not develop);
b) lack of understanding of the speech addressed to them;
C) lack of basic self-service skills (untidy, unable to eat, some even unable to chew food);
d) their speech is separate words and inarticulate sounds;
e) often do not distinguish close people from strangers;
e) emotions are reduced to reactions of pleasure and displeasure;
g) reactions to the world around us are sharply reduced;
h) mental activity does not develop.

This is a serious diagnosis. True idiots are outcasts in the modern world. They certainly won't ask, " Why am I an idiot?"But why does a rational being, sometimes with several formations, with a stable income, thoughts, feelings, consider himself an idiot? Okay, if you blurted out in your heart, called yourself an unflattering name, being emotional, under the influence of a specific situation. But sits down at the computer, begins to search for information, asks the forum... I Wonder if such an "idiot" really hopes to find confirmation or refutation of the diagnosis? Unlikely. Most likely, the so-called idiots have other goals:

they want to be funny;
I wonder what people think about this;
looking for a Furry song;
do some ratings and surveys;
they realized that they were acting stupidly in certain situations and asked for advice.
The latter, perhaps, should be looked at more closely. Suddenly a person has a problem that has driven him to a dead end in life. And you can't get out on your own.
From diagnosis to treatment
I'm an idiot: what should I do? To begin with, stop calling yourself names. All well-known practices aimed at achieving success, finding true love, earning a lot of money, building self-confidence, developing the mind, imagination, etc., say that you should not scold yourself in any case. Tell your child every day that he is a stupid fool. And he'll start acting like a fool. Tell your child that he is smart and he will succeed. He will behave accordingly. And everything will work out for him. In the adult world, this law also works.

Then try to understand why you have done so, and not otherwise. Like an idiot (you called yourself that). Any problem requires finding the causes. Not growing a beard: what to do? Each session has a blockage: why? I can't find a normal job? Look for the source of the problem:

1) Went for a girl for more than a month, finally invited on a date – and he was late for it. So late that the beauty has already left.

2) Refused a high-paying job, so as not to offend his friend's boss.

3) you Pass on the right for the third time (to no avail) – and each time you make the same mistake.

4) you Arrive at the airport and realize that you forgot your passport at home.

5) you Expel your husband for treason, and a month later you accept him again. A month later, you find a beautiful stranger in your bedroom with her husband again.

And so on. Everyone does a lot of things in life that defy any logical explanation. One of the great ones said, " Only two percent of people think. Three percent pretend to think. The other ninety-five don't think."

If you have committed an act that causes strong resentment, do not leave this act without attention. Try to understand why you did so, and not otherwise. Even the simplest introspection is fixed in the mind. And the next time (at least under the same circumstances) you will do the right thing.

Try to find a positive point in your idiotic act. This can always be done:

Late for a date with your dream girl? – The fate of not she predestined you (the Universe knows better).

Turned down a job because of a friend? – You're a good friend, a real one. And true friendship can't be replaced by any money.

Didn't get your license because of a stupid mistake? – You won't do it next time." There will be science for the rest of your life.

Обнаружил отсутствие паспорта в самом аэропорту? – Не нужно было тебе никуда лететь (сэкономишь деньги, доделаешь начатые дела, останешься жив, мало ли).

Приняла мужа, который и не собирался оставаться верным? - Ты способна на настоящую любовь, а она все прощает. Чтобы сердце освободилось, тебя нужно было ткнуть лицом в грязь несколько раз.

И еще. Вокруг нас полно идиотов. Ты не одинок!